Israeli forces disguised as Medics have
entered a hospital in Janine in the West
Bank and assassinated three Palestinian
men who were all members of armed groups
including a member of Hamas which is
designated a terror organization by the
UK government our Middle East
correspondent Lucy Williamson
reports a building with a mission to
heal the sick visitors with a mission to
kill Israeli forces in headscarves and
medical Cod
filmed on security camera at the heart
of Janine's I Cena Hospital guns in one
hand handbag baby cot in the other here
to assassinate a patient and his two
companions Fighters with armed
Palestinian
groups at dawn today a military
operation was carried out inside the
hospital three people were mared
including a patient who was injured a
month ago and was being treated in the
Rehabilitation Unit they targeted his
room and all the occupants were killed
on the third floor they killed basil
Gaza in his bed as he slept his brother
Muhammad shot in a chair both fighters
in Janine's resistance groups a third
man Muhammad jalam was a key Hamas
figure wanted by Israel who says he was
armed with this gun and hiding in the
hospital and that the group had been
planning an imminent terrorist
attack Israel has also targeted
hospitals in its war with Hamas in Gaza
arguing that Hamas makes them legitimate
targets by hiding
[Applause]
there and today more detail from
Israel's government on its accusation
that the un's Palestinian refugee agency
is a front for Hamas and that some of
its staff took part in the 7th of
October attacks six onra employees
infiltrated Israel in the attack not
only does the evidence show that onra
staff were involved in the massacre they
were also directly implicated in holding
hostages once they were in
Gaza Israel says the agency its shelters
schools and food Aid should be
defunded Aid workers say gaza's
humanitarian crisis is already slipping
out of
control Miriam and her seven children
are Liv living without a proper tent or
food on a beach at the southern tip of
Gaza a roadside cart for sweets now
Beachside housing for a baby adults and
infants alike dependent on others for
food and shelter dependent on others to
stop the war Lucy Williamson BBC News
Jerusalem